# ePortfolio
**1. Explain communication concepts and strategies**
  - A speaker must voice their opinions/knowledge in an engaging manner to make sure the people that are listening can retain the information they have been told. To do this the speaker must also listen to their listeners, this is done by looking at body language, preparing for the group you will be talking to. I say this because as a speaker that is not familiar with picking up these signs it can feel quite awkward when information is provided and the people who receive this information don't show universally identified behaviour of engagement, [Facts and Opinions](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/Week%203%20Facts%20and%20Opinion.docx).

**2. Show confidence and skills in oral communications and presentations**
  - When it comes to public speaking it is also useful to equip your arsenal of information more than just words coming from the mouth. Imagery is a useful tool when discussing topics as it can greatly enhance a listeners understanding of the subject matter being discussed. In having such tools it is also handy for the speaker to use such as a slide as it can keep a speech on topic and help the speaker discuss finer details. I find that it is easy to have a slide presentation handy as it helps both groups in the speaking process in different ways and provides additional confidence to a speaker, [Presentation Draft](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/presentation%20draft%201.pptx).

**3. Work effectively as part of a team**
  - A team works effectively when all workers know where each other are in their work so that they can stay informed. This causes members of the team to become trusting of each employee. 
  - Teams in the ICT industry often are composed of various races and cultures which do perform communication barriers, much like a conversation with two people who speak different languages to each other. As a result of this teams often use generic language to communicate to share information to one another efficiently, [Facts and Opinions](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/Week%203%20Facts%20and%20Opinion.docx).
  - Teams that are separated by time zones can have a higher productivity rate, but meetings can be a challenge to navigate planning for as no one wants to 'draw the short stick'. This may be overcome by multiple meetings planned to share information around, or similarly a group chat for the group.

**4. Communicate effectively in a professional context**
  - Career work is often viewed as a professional line of work as people remain in the same job for years on end, it would also mean that a person is to be expected in the ICT world to save their work so that another employee may read the code written effectively and efficiently. This should also apply to other areas of a job such as conflict management and more, [Conflict Management Roleplay](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/Conflict%20Rolepay%20(1).docx), [Presentation Draft](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/presentation%20draft%201.pptx).

**5. Define and demonstrate conflict management and resolution strategies.**
  - It is important to understand what is being asked of a person and what issues they have when there is a conflict, there are five strategies that can be used to end a conflict. However, there are two prime resolutions that benefit both parties. These strategies are collaboration and compromisation, [Conflict Management Roleplay](https://github.com/FlashBangAU/ePortfolio/blob/main/Conflict%20Rolepay%20(1).docx).
